Dear Valued CAcert Member,

CAcert has implemented a policy for certifying assurers, which was
announced on 30th of May 2008. Since the implementation of the
CAcert Assurer Challenge Test System (CATS) last year more than
1600 Assurers have taken and passed the challenge and are now
official CAcert Assurers, fully compliant with the CAcert Assurance
Policy.  This email is being sent to those of you who have been
active in performing assurances in the past year, but who have not
taken and passed the Assurer Challenge Test yet.

It is no longer permissible for anyone to assure for CAcert who
has not passed the CATS.  Please visit the CAcert Wiki documentation
pages for the Assurer-Challenge 
<http://wiki.cacert.org/wiki/AssurerChallenge> and follow the
instructions.  Make sure you have installed your CAcert client
certificate  into your browser as this system only allows you to
login with a client  certificate.  The Assurers Handbook
<http://wiki.cacert.org/wiki/AssuranceHandbook2> will provide you
with more detailed information about CAcert Assurances and how to
make those assurances successful.

Why is CAcert doing all this?  CAcert has been and still is
undergoing many changes since early 2008.  CAcert has become a
Community with policies in place to issue secure, free and highly
qualified signed certificates.  CAcert has become a recognized and
accepted Certificate Authority on the internet.  To maintain this
status CAcert will be audited, and the audit must validate that
assurers have an understanding of the CAcert policies and the
assurance process.  A successful audit has the potential for our
new CAcert Root Key to be included into the Mozilla CA list this
year.  It is our hope that all our assurers will complete the
CATS, the audit will be successful and CAcert will be featured
on Mozilla.

You have been involved with CAcert and have helped to increase
the assured member community we have today.  Your contribution
is greatly appreciated because CAcert success and acceptance
depends on you.  We will be very happy to give you any support
you may need to complete this process, so please let us know if
you have any questions (support@cacert.org).

Thank you,

CAcert Inc. Committee
Teus Hagen
President
