CAcert Assurer Training Event Goteborg
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Much has happened during the past year. A list of up till now mostly
"orally transmitted" rules have been cast in policies. New procedures
(e.g. the Assurer Challenge) and obligations (e.g. in the CAcert
Community Agreement) have been decided. The Assurer Training Events
try to bring all this informations to "the people":

- To what, does the CCA protect every CAcert-Community-Member and as
  such also you?
- Can you recount the 5 statements of the "Purpose of Assurance"?
- Can you at least recount 10 security marks of the Swedish passport
  /Identity card?

Answers to these and following questions are given at the Assurer
Training Events (ATE’s).
Participation in the events is free, Contributions are however
appreciated.


The ATE-Goteborg takes place on:
- Wednesday, Dec 16th from 20:00 till 22:00
- at 
- [http://www.gothiatowers.com/]
- Massans gata 24
- 402 26 Goteborg, Sweden 

The Event-Team is already excited about your participation.

Registration ATE-Goteborg
[http://wiki.cacert.org/Events/20091216ATE-Goteborg]

Remark from Leif-Joran:
I have a backup room at my department just a couple of 
hundred meters from Gothia Towers. L307, Lennart Torstenssons-gatan 8

Remarks from Ted:
As I understand it, it will probably be harder to find a room inside the 
hotel than to find the hotel itself, it boasts to be the biggest hotel 
in Skandinavia...

My mobile phone number is +49 151 52634367. I'm there on a probably 
quite busy business trip, so it may be that I have to cancel the whole 
thing on short notice.
I propose that you try to contact me by phone before leaving home, so I 
can confirm that I will be there.

Also I don't have much time to prepare, so please don't expect something 
like a professional presentation from me. I hope it will be a nice 
little meeting, we will assure each others, you'll ask questions you 
always wanted to ask about CACert and I'll tell you about all the things 
that have recently changed at CAcert, at least the important ones. And 
maybe I'll try to trick you into making a false assurance, just to show 
you where problems are expected. :-)


contact: events@cacert.org 
